The **Synchronia-Nautilus affair** was a feud between [[House Synchronia]] and [[House Nautilus]] which rose to a point in [[1235 PT]]. Nautilus suffered great damage to their reputation after [[Arthur Graywell]] blew the whistle on the feud and rescued [[Kailey Synchronia]].

# History
After the [[Victory Starscouts]] seemed stuck in a spot of conflict-of-interest, Arthur took a case dealing with the kidnapping of a noble's daughter, [[Kailey Synchronia]]. On this particular case, Arthur was getting really lucky and just on a roll in general, and was able to solve how she was captured, the identity of her capturer, and her location, all without leaving the crime scene. He would've titled this his greatest case ever, the height of his career, until things went sideways. Kailey was captured by another noble, [[Jarith Nautilus]], whom she refused to marry, and he took her to an abandoned house outside [[The Well]]. He was planning to use his newfound [[Wild Magic|dark magic]] to seduce her properly, but the nature of the magic required absolute solitude.

House Nautilus did have to pay heavy costs for having been caught in the act, but planned to turn the tables on Arthur in revenge. Even in the short interim, mere hours before Kailey would have been rescued, they managed a lot of movement due to how well their House was connected and secured.After learning from a plant within the Starscouts about Arthur's deduction, they enacted one of their contingencies. They planted evidence in the house that Arthur was the one pulling the strings, assisted with the kidnapping, participated at the abandoned house, and set everything up to look like the hero who swooped in and saved the day. In the end, it seemed that he had set a house fire in which Kailey would burn to death, and that Arthur would have ended up falsely pinning the fire and the murder on Nautilus when it had seemed he would have done it.  

When Arthur reached the house, all he saw in the flames as he freed the poor girl was a [[Rosewire Abatah|mysterious woman]] in a large sun hat and *qipao*, wandering away from the scene with a bow and arrow in hand. He had never seen this woman before, and all she told him was, "*Good hunting, detective.*" Due to the power of the house, the fact they bribed many influential people, and the fact that their story made some sense due to just how "lucky" Arthur seemed to have just barely escaped the burning estate with his life, people believed the story.

The day after the incident, as Arthur was preparing to become a fugitive, a small wooden doll in his image was left on his doorstep. He had seen this before, and knew it was a sign that he was to either get the hell out or get killed. Arthur did take the doll with him, hopefully to tell whomever left it that he had gotten the message.

# Aftermath
Exiled from the Well and branded a criminal, Arthur was on the run for a year, while trying to clear his name.

Following this incident, Ashton (the "[[Ashton Orpheus Albatros|Ace of Gold]]") confronted Miss Piano, whom had been seen at the scene of the crime. The [[Gold Clock Society]] had orchestrated the event due to Jolly Nautilus being one of their number, but this was not the mission statement of the Society. [[Vergoldeter Minutenzeiger Panikdrache|Minty]], Ace, and Rosewire came to an agreement that Arthur should be returned to the city as a criminal, for the Starscouts to capture and detain, in a year's time, simply to get the Starscouts off the scent of the Gold Clock Society. Ashton, ever the optimist, agreed under the condition he be allowed to undermine the advances and words of House Nautilus, to ensure that they did undergo penitence for their crimes.

The deductions of [[Hieron Dredge]] led him to confront the Society about his brother's errors, and uncovered the truth. Pledging to keep things a secret, he asked the Society that his brother be left alone, instead of framed for the crime, as part of a trade for magical enhancements to Miss Piano provided to them by the [[Tower of Electron]]. The Gold Clock Society agreed, although they had to leave in the caveat that the scandal had to play itself out, in order to conceal the Society's existence. House Nautilus would continue to be undermined in the process by Ace, so as to ensure that the detective could return safely without any additional turmoil.

[[House Synchronia]], in the meanwhile, consoled Kailey. Hieron, after meeting with the Society, met up with Kailey and asked her to forgive Arthur.
