---
onenote-created: 2022-10-31 22:21:15 -0400
onenote-modified: 2022-10-31 22:21:20 -0400
---

The [[Kingdom of Sacred|Sacred]] equivalent to Halloween is the "**Day of Dark Mists**", which occurs on the Night to Kalends of Arkea (8-30) yearly. On this event, which is often aligned with lunar events that amplify the effects of darkness, depending on the half of the kingdom you're on, celebrations differ.

In [[High Sacred]], a place where once fiends crossed swords with celestials, [[Eidolon|eidolons]] appear to have unusually lower energy levels, and, to keep themselves sated as they "recover", request regular offerings of sweet goods to their bonded location (usually a significant landmark of the town). If you keep your sweets instead of offer them up, you're said to be possessed of a demonic spirit, and it's the job of the "good" "angelic" children in town to play tricks on the "demonic" children in order to bring their candy to the eidolon. Keeping things clean and friendly, no matter what side you're on, will always earn you the friendship of the eidolon. Though it may have held a kernel of truth once upon a time that as the months grow colder the eidolons may wane in strength, in modern time the unusual dip in magical power is most likely caused by the collective unconsciousness itself, essentially "believing" the holiday's fantasy into being.

In [[Low Sacred]], a place where [[Witchcraft|witches]] and [[Fey]] still hold powerful grips in some corners, the Day of Dark Mists is more like a party all night. In general, the ethos is, "the monsters can't scare us if we're loud and loving it". Probably once inspired by ritualistic celebration effected by secretive covens, the morbid, supernatural elements of the holiday are things to drink to, celebrating living life to the fullest and wishing the dead well and the monstrous a poor night of hunting. It is not uncommon, even in the more sparsely populated areas of Low Sacred, to witness strange events taking hold of the mayhem the night often brings, such as people descending from the sky, flickering lanterns, people claiming to be avatars of gods, megafauna resting near town in the morning (imagine a dog the size of the inn it's sleeping next to), and so on.
