---
tags:
  - meta/story
SPOILER:
  - "[[Burning of the Tuck farm]]"
  - "[[⍟ Twin Fantasy]]"
cssclasses:
  - readable
permalink: WHERE_ARE_YOU_JENNY
---
>[!quote| author]  [[Johanna Abascal]], [[1284 PT]]
>“[...] We ran through smoke and flame, climbing the ultimate stairwell to the attic. The [[Thousand Rider|murderous bastard]] was not even three meters behind us, as fast as a ghost in the night. [[Pollyanna Tuck|My friend]] was praying with her every step, clutching so tight to me I thought she'd take off my arm. In that tension, something peculiar came over me. As I took each step, I was seeing further and further, rising, growing, viewing more and more miles of grain over the hilltops. [[Mournful Cry|Seeing outside myself]]. I understood. <br><br>
>"My mind wanted to simply leave — knew we could make ourselves safe — but my friend, [[Gift (witchcraft)|ungifted]], would remain behind. My mind knew it could save HER, but not me. The second way was something I honestly pondered, unlike the first way. But [[Aloysius Tuck|her]] [[Mariella Tuck|parents]] were killed in front of her… She would be dangerous to herself, left alone after this night… and deprived of my repentance yet to be paid, even more dangerous. So, I ignore my mind, and flee through splintering wood against all [[Logic]], Hell at our heels.<br><br>
>“Like clockwork, we hit the dead-end of our lives. We spin on our feet to find a blade streaming through the air, drawing across our necks. Inflexible destiny. Defiantly, in this, my last moment, [[Reality-Bending|I find a third way]]. There are infinite ‘ways', unfathomed potential. But, all I need to create — the last thing I'm willing to EVER create if needed — is the one I'm looking for. My mind is caught between the extremes of many and one. If a [[Witchcraft|witch]] requires just a nudge to make a ripple in the lake of reality, this instant stomps me under and holds me there to drown, while I search for a single drop, a single good future for us. This is the horrifying majesty of [[Gift of Stars|my Gift]], on full display. I tell myself to make the third way real, to spare us. <br><br>
>“A name, a word, leaves my lips. I scream — and I know and [[Haze|know not]] what I scream, louder than all sound. My voice, inflamed by my will, takes solid shape and [[Altercation|enraptures reality]]. In my mind, I feel something painful pull me even deeper under, as though it's my friend's hand, dragging me in towards that third way. My lungs tear themselves apart as pressure builds, tears stinging against water made of stars. Reality and fantasy are indistinct from each other, and in this state I am visited by an angel. [[Gavriella Abascal|My mother]], wreathed in gold, embraces me, as I choke and struggle to remain conscious in the infinite lake, against the world I want to make real. She whispers in my ear, but I cannot hear it. Then, [[Collapse state|nothing remains]].<br><br>
>“I wake up the next day, unscathed. My back lying on the open field where the house used to be. Where my memories remain. No ash to be spoken of. Spared. But… for what? The blade tasted my fate, but still thirsts to claim it; I know it, and still I must run. The dead of that night are still taken from us; I know their unbound souls, and still I must mourn. *I am still alive*, this I know, even in hiding; and still, I must not jump at the shadows that chase me. <br><br>
>“…But I have not seen any evidence of my friend. The girl I knew I could save. And I must press on, towards the future I made for us both, without her. This was my first lesson, and so it is yours. The first rule of witchcraft. ‘**Reality may bend, but it will never break.**'”
